Clarify usage of otelcol.processor.discovery (#5378)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/otelcol.processor.discovery.md

`otelcol.processor.discovery` is a custom component unrelated to any
processors from the OpenTelemetry Collector.
{{% /admonition %}}

Multiple `otelcol.processor.discovery` components can be specified by giving them
different labels.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
It can be difficult to follow [OpenTelemetry semantic conventions][OTEL sem conv] when 
adding resource attributes via `otelcol.processor.discovery`:
* `discovery.relabel` and most `discovery.*` processes such as `discovery.kubernetes` 
  can only emit [Prometheus-compatible labels][Prometheus data model].
* Prometheus labels use underscores (`_`) in labels names, whereas 
  [OpenTelemetry semantic conventions][OTEL sem conv] use dots (`.`).
* Although `otelcol.processor.discovery` is able to work with non-Prometheus labels
  such as ones containing dots, the fact that `discovery.*` components are generally 
  only compatible with Prometheus naming conventions makes it hard to follow OpenTelemetry 
  semantic conventions in `otelcol.processor.discovery`.

If your use case is to add resource attributes which contain Kubernetes metadata, 
consider using `otelcol.processor.k8sattributes` instead.

------

> The main use case for `otelcol.processor.discovery` is for customers who migrate to Agent Flow 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main use case for `otelcol.processor.discovery` is for users who migrate to Grafana Agent Flow mode
```
